#28 Implement standardised documentation and linting (#29)
Multiplied-By-One/MBO-App: src/hooks/scopedHooks.md

> # Scoped hooks
> 
> This folder contains a number of hooks relating to authencication and data fetching. This initially covers scoped hooks. Under the hood most interaction with firebased are covered by [react-firebase-hooks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-firebase-hooks).
> 
> # How they work
> 
> Most of the queries on in the MBO app require knowing the current user ID before queries can be performed. This is because the data model of the site follows a setup where all user specific data is stored under a `users/{USER_ID}/{COLLECTION_PATH}`. In order to simplify the process of waiting for this information to become available form firebase we create `userScoped` rendition of standard data fetching hooks which can be found [here](https://github.com/csfrequency/react-firebase-hooks/tree/09bf06b28c82b4c3c1beabb1b32a8007232ed045/storage)
> 
> Each of these hooks should return a shared loading state while proxying the API of the original hooks otherwise. Collection and Document paths are automatically prepended with `users/{USER_ID}`

Reviewer: A few typos and some clarification courtesy of Grammarly 😄
```suggestion
# Scoped hooks

This folder contains a number of hooks relating to authentication and data fetching. This initially covers scoped hooks. Under the hood, most interactions with Firebase are covered by [react-firebase-hooks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-firebase-hooks).

# How they work

Most of the queries in the MBO app require knowing the current user ID before queries can be performed. This is because the site's data model follows a setup where all user-specific data is stored under a `users/{USER_ID}/{COLLECTION_PATH}`. In order to simplify the process of waiting for this information to become available from firebase we create a `userScoped` rendition of standard data fetching hooks which can be found [here](https://github.com/csfrequency/react-firebase-hooks/tree/09bf06b28c82b4c3c1beabb1b32a8007232ed045/storage)

Each of these hooks should return a shared loading state while proxying the API of the original hooks otherwise. Collection and Document paths are automatically prepended with `users/{USER_ID}`
```
